# Project 3 Executive Summary: 
## Scraping and Classification modeling
Street Art and Hip Hop actually have much in common.  One of the four main pillars of hip hop culture is graffiti, at least it was in the 70s when it was spawned as a way of life, and street art is characterized by its simple beauty or more usually unsactioned and untraditional guerilla style visual art.  Can the language they employ accurately classify them separately and also be a filter that classifies new material as one or the other? 

### Problem
To scrape two subreddit posts from reddit's API and train a classifier to predict which subreddit the post came from.  Ideally glean some insight into the vocabulary involved.

### Data Science Process
Scraping and modeling notebooks outline the fluid data science process from gathering and cleaning data to classifying completely wild posts through the models trained on the target data.  I went back to the beginning to scrape a few times and repeated the cleaning and eda I discovered worked most efficiently for the timeframe.

Both Street Art and Hip Hop were successfully modeled as the target subreddit for feature and model evaluation, and the coefficients and feature importances were extracted from both model types.  Multinomial Naive Bayes and Random Forest consistently performed well with the parameters I ended up choosing, and they allowed me to explore further outside the bounds of the project to begin a simple topic modeling experiment.  If you run the notebook you may see yourself the probability what you write would be classifies as Hip Hop instead of Street Art.  

Since confusion matrices do show type I and type II errors, further exploration to increase accuracy further would be worthwhile, and although the reprocussions of misclassification here are not dire I would recommend attempting to decrease the type I errors, assuming that overall people would be more offended if they saw hip hop instead of art.  Also the type I errors were higher chrinically than the type II and striving for balance seems good here.  Further word features exploration would be a good idea, I added to the stop word list and would have liked to have spent more time going back to the features to understand how they effect the models thus what they indicate overall.  The model scores show the decent performance despite the shortcomings.

### Conclusion
The final models classify decently, and each had a benefit of being easily altered for appended anamysis.  The random forest lent well to feed new posts through, and the gridsearch Multinomial Naive Bayes was convenient for the interactive probability classification with new text.  Street Art is a broader category and they have many terms in common, and wild text is much more likely to be categorized with art than when the other option is Hip Hop.  It is impressive how classification models can be relatively easily made, and that they perform quickly and efficiently in this instance.  Although this is the wading pool of something that suggests great depth, the ends of modeling for classification here can be met.